Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy outlines how Personal Bahi Khata ("we", "us", or "our") collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users ("User" or "you") of the Personal Bahi Khata mobile application ("App"). This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information collected by this App and does not apply to information collected by any other means.

Information Collection and Use

Personal Bahi Khata does not collect any personal information or data from its users. We do not require you to provide any personal information when using our App.

Non-Personal Identification Information

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our App. This non-personal identification information may include the type of device and technical information about Users' means of connection to our App, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized, but it will not be used to identify individual users.

How We Use Collected Information

We do not collect any information from users, therefore any information collected cannot be used in any way.

Sharing Your Personal Information

Since we do not collect any personal information, we do not share, sell, or trade any information with third parties.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your Acceptance of These Terms

By using this App, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our App. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this App, or your dealings with this App, please contact us at vinayakg236@gmail.com.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 14-FEB-2024.
